>> Steve Kinney: There's a bunch of
ways you can use Dev containers.
The way that we're gonna play with it
today is with some docker containers.
You can also connect to
a remote environment as well.
We are not doing that because then
I would have to maintain a remote
environment forever.
And then Dustin will email
me when it goes down.
So we're not doing that.
But you can connect to things like GitHub,
Codespaces,
CodeSandbox will actually do it,
if you ever use VS Code in the browser.
In StackBlitz I think two you can actually
connect to them from VS Code as well,
which is super cool.
You should definitely try
it out at some point.
The idea of a dev container is, obviously,
you need stuff running on your computer,
right?
And whether or not you need dev containers
depends on what stuff you are running.
For instance, if you are just
purely a front-end engineer,
you can probably take
a 10-minute nap right now.
Generally speaking, sure,
you're running a version of node, but
that's only being executed once,
Vite or Webpack or what have you.
Compiles your code to something and
probably as long as you are not
on an ancient version of Node
on your computer, probably good.
Where things get more
complicated is again,
if you do need consistency in the version,
if you're running server side
code that is a lot more version dependent,
right than browser code.
Which were, I think if you're writing
browser code, the build tools are already
ready for the wild world of browsers
in a thousand different environments.
And so that part of the industry has
already dealt with that pain for so
long that they've just
they're dead inside.
If you're doing server code, and you need
to be on Node 22.17 because that's what
you're using in production and one person
on your team is running a different
version and then the tests don't pass,
nobody wants to deal with that.
The other time you need containers is,
again,
if you're just spinning up a web server.
If you need to spin up lots of
other things, Postgres, Temporal,
which is a bunch of docker containers,
like many docker containers.
All those things, then all of a sudden,
you probably want another setup.
But again, the nice part is you
are running that code in a little
contained environment,
not on your computer technically.
So other reasons you might wanna use it,
you're building AI-agents that are gonna
run stuff on the command line, and
you'd like to do that in a safe space than
on your computer where it can go wild.
Right, anything where you want that
kind of consistent environment,
encapsulated, safe, little place where
everyone can be on the same page,
you might wanna consider a dev container.
Does it add more complexity?
It does.
If you are just writing front-end code,
do you need it?
No, I'm not even gonna say it may depend,
we probably don't.
But if you are worried about, I remember
when I did do backend engineering,
particularly Ruby before Docker, 10, 11,
12, I don't want to think about this.
Every Mac OS update meant you weren't
getting anything done for a week.
As you reinstall installed Postgres and
tried to figure everything out, so on and
so forth.
You just didn't upgrade
your software ever.
So that's me now, this is for you.
I was like five,
I don't know what you want from me.
Then, okay, fine.
That's, okay, the case too.
So it's a way to have a consistent VI.
And the nice part is means that everyone
is running in that same version,
because it is, again,
a container that has that version of Node,
that version of Postgres, with that
auth credential, so on and so forth,
all running at the same ports,
connected in the same way.
Yay, great, right?
And what the Dev containers
allow you to do is basically,
your VS code exists in that world.
It's like you're running
it on that computer,
even though you're running on your
computer, everything feels great.
It's like one of those things where
setting up a basic version, very easy.
And we're going to do it together,
all of the weird,
esoteric parts about your setup are going
to be squarely and hard, I'm sorry